Nov 22, 2025: Revisiting, new goals:
1. Option to archive backup, only backup diffs, only take full snapshot at configured intervals, and in each folder create a bat and ps1 script to rebuild the archive.  How to merge this with current functionality?

Inputs:
- Source Folder
- Target Folder (If defined, how can diffs be built from current target folder backwards?)
- Backup / Diff Folder (Each folder creates another folder with any added)
- Snapshot frequency?

IMPORTANT: How to switch between method including target folder vs only relying on snapshot folders?

Each backup folder contains a directory file with hash values and relative file locations, could embed this in the restore script?

Need to have a index in the root backup / diff folder that has a list of hash values, the file location, maybe have flag for compress or derived state?

When running restore, need to figure out if we build from current back, or from snapshot forward?

Restore script loops through hashs, finds the corresponding hash value in the dictionary, and always attempts to restore from the relative paths first, then tries to restore from target folder, finally from the source path?

When building from 

If no target folder exists, find the most recent snapshot folder and build forward?
If target folder exists but so does snapshot frequency?

Or 


If no modification folders specified, don't need to check for 7zip.
Add method / option to generate clonespy crc per set.
Allow a different backup directory per set?
How to specify hash comparison frequency?
 "W", "M", "N", "E" ???
 
 
Prompt:
Goals: To have a powershell script that can be run periodically to back a folder to another folder, where modifications and removals are also tracked to allow for relatively easy reversion in the future if necessary.

First, the script would prompt the user to install any dependencies if not already installed if they are required (like 7-zip).

The configuration available for each folder to backup would be:

1. The source folder to be copied
2. The folder where a full backup copy is to be preserved
3. A change folder where changes over time are stored (ideally each backup creates a new child folder in this directory named by the date and time here), and where other database related files are saved.
4. A character string that represents how often hash values should be reverified from the main backup folder. ('D' = Daily, 'W' = Weekly, 'M' = Monthly, or is there a better semantic to use here?)
5. A boolean flag that indicates if the backup folder should be compressed (if applicable) and files named by the hash and size, or if the originally file structure should be preserved with files uncompressed and not renamed.

It is assumed the powershell script would at least need the following functions:

1. A function that ensures the modifaction date of the file is not rounded so it can be loaded from a database file noted further below, something like:

$HashTblDateFormat = "O"
$srcprop.LastWriteTimeDateTime = [datetime]::ParseExact($srcprop.LastWriteTimeStr, $HashTblDateFormat, $null)

2. A function that produces a valid filename from the original files hash and size.

3. A function that determines if the source file should not be compressed if it likely will not compress well based on it's type (For example: mp4, mov, mkv, 7z, 7zip)

After running the script, the outcome would be the following:

1. In the change folder, at the root, a file (ideally a csv file, but perhaps there is a better approach) would act as a database storing information about the source folder, including information such as hash, size of the file, last modification date, and relative file path.

2. In the change folder, a subfolder with the date and time of the last backup (Format "yyyy-MM-dd_HH-mm-ss") with the following content:
2a. Each file that has been changed or removed since the last backup (this can be taken from / compressed from the current backup folder since it no longer matches the content of the source folder).
2b. A database file similar to the database file in the root folder that indicates what relative paths and hashes are needed to recreate the source folder before the current backup was performed.
2c. A batch file or ps1 file that looks at the database file, and uses the files available in the current change folder, any other change folders, or the current backup folder to match either the hash from the filename or hash in the database of the other change / database folders.  If necessary, compressed files would be decompressed.  This script would prompt the user to select a directory to rebuild the backup in, but it would not permit rebuilding to any path or subpath of the source, change, or backup directory.
2d. Note if a file was simply moved, it should not appear in this change folder, but the batch file or ps1 file should be able to find the file in he backup folder using the backup folder database, and change it to the path that it had before the modification.

3. In the backup folder, either each file named by it's size and hash (described above) and compressed if applicable, or a direct copy of the source folder.
3a. A file (ideally a csv file, but perhaps there is a better approach) would act as a database storing information about how to reconstruct the source file the files the backup folder, including information such as hash, size of the file, last modification date, and relative file path.

3b. A batch or ps1 file that uses the files in the backup folder and the database file to restore the source file structure as it appeared the last time the backup was performed.  Like the script in the change folder, it should decompress files if applicable.
